Update configuration.md (#23862)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/configuration.md

1. [ChainedConfigurationProvider](xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.ChainedConfigurationSource) : Adds an existing `IConfiguration` as a source.
1. *appsettings.json* using the [JSON configuration provider](configuration-providers.md#file-configuration-provider).
1. *appsettings.*`Environment`*.json* using the [JSON configuration provider](configuration-providers.md#file-configuration-provider). For example, *appsettings*.***Production***.*json* and *appsettings*.***Development***.*json*.

> 1. [App secrets](xref:security/app-secrets) when the app runs in the `Development` environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [App secrets](/aspnet/core/security/app-secrets) when the app runs in the `Development` environment.
```
